[Doc] Updated 'README.md' (#497)
ezsystems/ezplatform: README.md

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ezsystems/ezplatform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/ezsystems/ezplatform.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

## What is eZ Platform?
*eZ Platform* is a fully open source professional CMS (Content Management System) developed by eZ Systems and the eZ Community.

Current *eZ Platform v2* is the 7th generation of *eZ Publish*, it is built on top of the Symfony 3.4LTS framework (Full Stack).
It has been in development since 2011, and integral part of the *eZ Publish Platform 5.x* as "Platform stack" since 2012.

#### Abstract:

- **Very extensible** — You can extend the application and the content model in many ways.

> - **Future and backwards compatible** — Strong BC policy on data as well as code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Future and backwards compatible** — Strong backward compatibility policy on data as well as code.
```

## Installation

**Note:** For simplified installation, consider using community-supported [eZ Launchpad](https://ezsystems.github.io/launchpad/) which takes care of the whole server setup for you.

Installation instructions below are for installing a clean installation of eZ Platform in latest version with _no_ demo content or demo website.
Full installation documentation is [in the online docs](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_using_composer/).
It includes instructions on installing other distributions _(like [ezplatform-demo](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-demo) and [ezplatform-ee](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-ee) enterprise edition)_, or other versions.

#### Prerequisites

These instructions assume you have already installed:

- PHP _(7.1 or higher)_
- Web Server _(Recommeneded: Apache / Nginx. Use of PHP's built-in development server is also possible)_
- Database server _(MySQL 5.5+ or MariaDB 10.0+)_
- [Composer](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/about_composer/)
- Git _(for development)_

> For more details on requirements, see [online doc](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on requirements, see [online documentation](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/).
```

During the installation process you will be asked to provide database host name, login, password, etc.
The configuration details will be placed in `<ezplatform>/app/config/parameters.yml`.

Next you will receive instructions on how to install data into the database, and how to run a simplified dev server using the `bin/console server:run` command.

**Tip:** For a more complete and better performing setup using Apache or Nginx, see how to [install eZ Platform manually](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_manually/).

## Issue tracker
Submitting bugs, improvements and stories is possible on [https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP](https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP).
If you discover a security issue, please see how to responsibly report such issues in ["Reporting security issues in eZ Systems products"](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/reporting_issues/#reporting-security-issues-in-ez-systems-products).

## Backwards compatibility
eZ Platform aims to be **fully content compatible** with eZ Publish 5.x, meaning that the content in these versions of the CMS can be upgraded using

> [online documentation](http://doc.ez.no/eZ-Publish/Upgrading) to eZ Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[online documentation](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/migrating/migrating_from_ez_publish_platform/) to eZ Platform.
```
